♪♪♪
girls' trip!
Meredith is meeting us there.
Mary just called.
She's meeting us there.
-[cellphone rings]
-okay.
Hi, baby.
Okay.
♪♪♪
I have some bad news.
I need to go.
I just got a phone call.
Sharrieff sr.
Has internal bleeding.
-Wait, wait, what?
-I don't know what's going on.
-Do you have to go?
-Yeah.
♪♪♪
homeland security.
Nypd?
They were asking about jen.
Holy sh--,
what the [bleep] is going on?
♪♪♪
what does "hsi" stand for?
They're looking for jen.
Yeah.
♪♪♪
-I'm gonna call stu.
-Call stu right now, yeah.
-I'm calling stu.
-Should I just call jen
and tell her
that they just came here?
I don't think
you should interfere.
Um, I don't think you should
do that.
-No.
-Don't interfere.
You guys,
what if she's on the run?
Like, get her to head start.
H. [laughs]
h, my god, heather.
Call her, call her.
Nypd pe, swat,
police officers showed up
looking for jen shah.
I don'ink she is
in the hospital.
-But thanks, love.
-Wait, you think--
call sharrieff.
You think she got a tip-off call
that this was happening
and left?
All right. Yeah.
♪♪♪
okay, bye.
She's not answering.
I'm just gonna message her.
[messaging chimes]
[voice breaking]
thswat team just showed up.
Like... For jen.
Like, homeland security.
[sniffles] I'm not kidding you.
No, I literally thought
it was a prank.
They have guns and badges
like nypd.
I'm gonna call you back.
I texted her and called her.
Do you think they'll answer?
Honestly, guys...
It's getting me--like, I don't--
I...I'm, like, this is--
I'm feeling the same level of...
-Yeah.
-...High-grade anxiety
because I've never been
confronted with...
-No, no. Yeah.
-...Homeland security...
-I just--
-it's weird.
...Or anyone in swat gear
in front of my business.
None of this makes sense.
I'm still trying to process
the fact that
I think that sharrieff's gonna
die and is in the hospital,
and jen had to leave
to be with him,
but now the feds were here
looking for her.
This has to be a huge mistake.
-I'm sure it's just--
-I'm calling my attorney
real quick,
'cause this is weird.
I want him to find out
what's going on.
I asked them several times,
and they said,
"we just want to talk to her
and make sure she is okay."
-is she--is, like--
-is she okay?
Like, they're trying
to protect her.
They're not, like,
trying to get her.
-They're trying to protect her.
-Yeah.
That might be a tactic to,
you know, I don't know.
This has nothing to do with us.
There's no point
of being stressed out.
I think we should just go.
But guilty by association, too.
Like, what's going on?
Is someone after her?
-No. I don't think--
-I'm gonna see what jen brought.
I just think--I think
it's way more...
[packaging rustling]
-whose bag is that?
-That's jen's. She left it.
♪♪♪
did she have mint milanos?
I mean,
let the body get cold first.
I wouldn't mind this.
The woman just had
to evade arrest.
Don't be going
through her personal items.
I don't think she's coming
back for these.
No, I don't think for the--
yeah.
You guys, this feels like
we're pillaging the--
her grave.
-I'll replace it.
-I can afford to replace it.
-It's all right.
Okay, ladies.
We're leaving now.
Lollipop, anyone?
-Oh, I love a good lolly.
-[laughter]
that and mint milanos.
That and mint milanos.
Sorry.
You got me with the lolly.
♪♪♪
thank you.
[doorbell rings]
-hi!
-Hi! How are you?
-Let me get that for you.
-Thank you, thank you.
-Welcome.
-How are you?
I'm great.
I'm so glad we could
get you checked in here
early today.
Hank you so much.
-I'm christa weang,d
I'm the  president of
brand and marketing for cuvée.
Well, thank you so much.
Can I take this for you as well?
-Absolutely. Thank you.
-Okay, fabulous.
-Should we go explore the home?
-Yes, I can't wait to see it.
Okay. This is our premiere home
in the town of vail.
-It's nearly 10,000 square feet.
-It's beautiful.
8 bedrooms. A standalone home
of this caliber
really doesn't exist in vail,
and so we're so excited
to welcome you guys here.
This is, like, magnificent here.
This house is spectacular.
It is gorgeous.
I don't know what
the squatter rights are in vail,
but...They may have to
throw me out. I'm not leaving.
I wanna introduce you
to crystal wilson.
Crystal will be
your experience curator
for the duration of your stay.
We don't do a cuvée welcome
without a glass of champagne.
-Okay.
-I poured you a little extra.
Thought you might like that.
I might be able to handle that.
Yeah. [laughs]
-cheers.
-Cheers.
-[glasses clink]
-all right, to fun in vail.
-Yeah.
♪♪♪
let's see if jen texted me back.
She's not texting you back,
heather.
She's not gonna text you back,
There's no way they're not
tracking her text messages
and stuff.
Throw my phone out the window!
[laughs]
she was so slow to leave,
though.
-That's what was weird to me.
-I agree. Like, if I got a call
that said, "listen,
this is some bad news.
Homeland security
is looking for you,"
I would hang up and leave.
How did they even know
she was gonna be here today?
How would they even know?
I mean, if they've been looking
for her, they're gonna find her.
-How would they even know?
-I know. How would they know?
To meet at beauty lab,
my business.
Yeah, how would they even know?
Someone told 'em.
Somebody--they know.
So someone--
someone--someone local.
Yeah.
Other than our families,
there were seven people
that knew we were meeting
at beauty lab today.
I can't imagine anyone here
would turn jen in,
but this looks really...Sus.
Can we all breathe
a sigh of relief
that's sharrieff's not...
-That's what I was saying.
...Doesn't have
internal bleeding?
I didn't think he had
internal bleeding.
-He is perfectly fine.
-You didn't believe that?
You didn't believe that
from the get-go?
No. Nobody acts like that.
Nobody's like,
"I might be coming back."
nobody--like, if my husband
were having internal bleeding,
I would have been a mess,
like, leaving,
and I'm, like, pretty pragmatic.
-What are you thinking?
-Yeah, we went to the bathroom--
they might have a warrant
to look for her.
That's why they came here.
If they don't have a warrant,
they can't go hunt her down
like that.
So homeland security could have
cuffed her and taken her.
Um, heather, why do you think
they were there?
I mean, I watch as much "csi"
as everybody,
but this has never happened
to me, and it's nypd,
and, like, you--you seem
really confident knowing
what's happened, but, like,
I don't even understand
what jurisdiction
homeland security's in.
-Like, guns?
-[cellphone ringing]
-right.
-Homeland security.
I mean, I don't know
what's going on,
but my mind is wandering.
-Hi. No, she's not with us.
When she got that call,
she left,
and I talked to tony k.
And ryan,
and they just said, "do not talk
to any law enforcement
without either one
of them there."
not that we did anything wrong,
but because which--
what--it could be minor,
or it could be major,
what she did--they don't want us
to be involved with her.
No, no, like, no.
I mean, I'm dead serious,
because of some other stuff.
The nypd showed up. Yes.
All right, bye.
But you've been the closest
to her over the last few months.
What the hell's going on?
I don't ever talk to her
about business.
She's ambiguous about it.
Yeah, I had a podcast with her
for an hour about what she does,
and I still don't get it.
-Well, I know what she--
-I know what she's been--
-I get it.
Kind of, like, gray
kind of business.
She buys people's information.
She sells that information...
That's like this simplistic way
of...Yeah.
Yeah, but it's just
lead nurturing, is what it is.
She gives companies leads.
The entire way that people
do online marketing
is through
legal lead generation,
and that's when you opt-in
on a website
or opt-out of, like,
your data being used,
but I was always really curious,
because
of the lifestyle she lives
and the things she buys.
Doesn't really add up to, like,
what I know that these marketers
actually make.
-Do you know something?
-But justin--I don't.
I don't know anything, but I
have had a lot of questions
around, like, jen's lifestyle.
Like, it intrigues me
where she gets all of her money
and all of her things from.
Like throwing down
an $80,000 birthday party
for meredith.
-[cheering]
-jen, oh, my god!
Or on the party bus on the way
up to justin's birthday,
throwing out $100 bills.
[cheering]
give it up, give it up!
How does she get her money?
Our friend is in a lot
of trouble, it seems,
and I hope she's okay.
♪♪♪
five more hours to go.
-we're stopping already?
-I mean, I've visited--
maybe not?
I thought they said we were only
having two stops.
Okay, well, I gotta go potty.
All of my attorneys
are calling me back right now.
-Oh, yeah.
-We have six on payroll,
and every single one
are calling back right now.
Hey, you know what?
This is so weird, ryan.
Can you tell me what's going on?
Would homeland security
show up for that?
I mean, like, I-I'm, like,
literally shook right now.
It just scares me. Like,
is something bigger happening?
Should I be stressed?
I'm shaking.
I'm physically shaking.
Coming up...
[siren wailing]
♪♪♪
what's going on?
[crunching]
♪♪♪
today is a lot.
Do you guys think
she's gonna show up?
-Jen?
-Jen.
I hope to holy of holies
that she shows up...
-I think she would.
-...And that this is
a paperwork issue
that they take care of, or...
-You think she's going to?
-I have a feeling she will.
...She pays--posts bail
or whatever happens,
and she shows up,
'cause I do not want--
I don't know--how does that
all work, though, like, even?
I don't even know,
'cause they did not say
that anything was happening.
They did not.
Well, who is she closest to
that she can share all this?
'cause obviously, you know,
I don't know anything.
I thought lisa,
but apparently none of us know.
-I thought lisa, too.
-I mean, probably her--
I bet stuart's her best friend.
-Yeah.
-With him, but did he know?
Like, he didn't know she was
gonna be there today, right?
-Oh, my gosh.
-Going?
-What?
-Oh, my gosh.
-He never talked to me.
-What?
-Oh, my gosh.
"real housewives star charged
in massive fraud
money laundering scheme."
-no!
-I have the ----ing chills.
-No. No, no, no, no, no.
-Holy sh--.
-Send me the article.
-No, no, no, no.
-Send it to me.
-I can't. I'm, like, numb.
Send it to me.
[siren wailing]
whitney: It can't be real.
Heather:
Oh, my god. I-I'm shocked.
Jennie: It's just so crazy.
♪♪♪
-oh, my gosh.
-Oh, no!
Oh, no! [crying]
[crying] I honestly feel so bad.
I honestly feel so bad for them!
Wait.
-[crying]
-I feel so bad. Oh, my god!
I'm devastated.
All I can think about
are their families
and the fact that this is
going to, like...
Take off like wildfire.
[crying] oh, my god.
[crying] I mean, my god.
♪♪♪
I didn't have the text,
so I don't know what's going on.
I honestly feel...
Here, I'll send it to you,
jennie.
Her and stu were charged
for laundering money
and stealing people's money.
Fraud.
I just feel so bad
for her family.
She's been arrested.
She's in custody.
♪♪♪
I just feel so... [crying]
come here.
Honestly, honestly,
don't you guys...
Like, I feel so...
-I know. You know...
Sorry, my breath smells
like buffalo chips.
No, no, you know what's weird?
Is like, I honestly feel like
we should be back there,
don't you?
-Like, do you?
-What can you do, though?
She's in custody.
She's been arrested.
I know, but you know,
I don't know. I feel so bad.
You guys have no clue what--
from knowing her?
You have no clue?
I told you, jennie, her life
didn't make sense to me,
how much money she had
and things she'd buy
and things she said
she would do.
But I did not think it would be
something like this.
I thought she had a sugar daddy
or something.
That's it.
[laughter]
I mean...I had a sugar daddy.
-Does her husband know this?
-I'm sure.
But he's not named,
so therefore he's not involved.
-I am, like...
-That's just stuart.
-Literally...
-This is crazy.
-Literally sick.
-What's her...
What's gonna happen to her kids?
She's gonna have to go to jail,
you think, or no?
She's going to prison.
[gasps]
-I love jen. She's great.
-What?
-This is--I don't know, but--
-up to 30 years in prison.
-Up to 30 years in prison?
-That's why I said...
Oh, my gosh.
I'm freaking out.
Can we just all calm down?
You're reading one article.
Right now it's just a charge.
Jen is not in court
saying that she's guilty
or she's not guilty.
So let's get our facts straight.
Oh, my gosh.
Everything's pouring in now.
Here's from
the department of justice.
"jennifer shah and stuart smith
allegedly profited
by generating lists of victims
for targeted
and directing co-conspirators
to defraud them."
I'm absolutely...Gut-punched
that jen may be involved
in this.
Of course I knew jen's business
was a high-pressure,
cutthroat, sales-at-all costs
business,
but I didn't know
it was illegal.
I just thought it was, like,
unsavory.
"they allegedly built
their opulent lifestyle
on the expense of vulnerable,
often elderly
working class people."
why would she take advantage
of elderly people?
So when you buy data,
you can actually select
what demographic you want.
-Yes, yes.
So they would select
vulnerable people--
people who have disabilities,
people who are elderly...
Oh, yeah, yeah,
like on fixed income.
...Who maybe aren't
in the best state of mind,
like, don't have the best...
-Oh, my gosh.
-...Decision-making
because they're old,
alone in the house.
-Vulnerable.
-Yes.
They--they buy that data
and sell to them
fake--fake sh--.
Get 'em on a subscription.
Get their credit card charged
every month,
and they can't get off of it.
And this elderly person
has no idea
that they're on a subscription
and that their credit card's
being charged
every single month.
That's heartbreaking.
Whitney knows so much about
jen's business, and it's like,
how did you get
all this information?
Are you studying this?
I think that's weird.
[crying] I feel devastated
for her kids and her husband.
I just hope sharrieff--
this doesn't have bad...
Implications for sharrieff.
Well, they're gonna question him
because they're married,
and they're gonna raid
her house, I'll tell you that.
They're gonna raid her house,
take everything.
[siren wailing]
♪♪♪
yes, uh, I'm with the production
that works with jen,
and I just was wondering,
uh...
-[horn honks]
-...Uh, what's going on.
♪♪♪
well, thank you very much.
I appreciate your help.
All right. Take care.
♪♪♪
do you think mary
and meredith know about this?
Oh, it's all over the news.
You guys, I really--
meredith is at the house.
I really just wanna call
meredith.
Yeah, for sure.
♪♪♪
[cellphone rings]
hi!
-Hey. How are you?
-Oh, my gosh.
I'm so good, but I cannot wait
for you guys to get here.
This house is amazing.
Have you been checking the news?
Have you got any text messages?
I haven't been on my phone.
I was rushing to get myself here
and get situated
before you guys all arrived.
-What's going on?
-Meredith, it is bad.
Jen is not on the bus with us,
and about five minutes
after she left,
homeland security, the fbi,
and, um...
The nypd--
-what kind of swat? Why?
A full swat team. A full
swat team showed up...
-Showed up.
-...At beauty lab.
What?
Meredith, she's been arrested
for fraud.
♪♪♪
honestly,
I'm not surprised by this.
You're not?
No, I'm not.
Why are you not surprised,
meredith?
Are you--do you know something?
Did she tell you something?
Too many things didn't add up,
and I've suspected
that something was going on
for a while.
And now I kind of just--
it's, like, validated
that I was right.
I'm not crazy.
That's the bottom line.
I've had a lot of
open question marks with jen.
Is it beyond comprehension
that this would happen? No.
But to hear that somebody
in your social circle
has been arrested
with multiple authorities
descending on the beauty lab
parking lot, yeah.
That's shocking. [chuckles]
I feel like we don't know her.
Yeah, I feel like
you guys really don't.
I feel like I kinda did,
and not anyone really wanted
to listen or believe me,
but that's okay. [laughs]
♪♪♪
-we have a lot to talk about.
-Yeah, I'd say so.
I love you guys. I can't wait
for you to get here.
The good news is
while everything else
is falling apart around us,
we do have
a beautiful house here.
Love you guys. See you soon.
Mwah!
-Bye!
Wow.
♪♪♪
sounds like she knows more
than all of us.
♪♪♪
I don't know if meredith knows
something we don't know,
but I'm surprised she's
completely almost unfazed
by all of this.
Even if you don't really
know jen
or don't really like jen,
you would think
there would be a bigger reaction
to what just went down.
And I'm shocked
that meredith's not shocked.
Wait. I have an update.
"the judge set these conditions
for shah and smith.
Commit no federal offense
while on release."
so does that mean
she's been released?
-Yeah, I would think--
-yeah, I think so.
-Well, on release, yeah.
-That's what that means.
Yeah.
♪♪♪
that's the other thing.
Why would she--
and wire fraud is--
it's wire fraud because
you're fraudulently selling
services to
a vulnerable person
with their card.
But the laundering--I wonder
which company that went through.
Like, where are they washing
all that money?
Well, I've learned
from watching "ozark"
that there's a couple ways
you can launder money.
-Casino.
-Construction's a big dark hole.
-Construction.
-Yeah.
-Really?
-Any cash-based business.
Strip joints--
that's another humdinger.
Nail salon.
Nail salon has a lot of cash.
-Nail salon. Oh.
-Laundromats.
-Laundromats, yeah.
-Oh!
She had a mask company.
Oh, yeah, the shah squad.
And shah squad merged.
Oh! It makes sense! That's why
she always starts companies!
You dump cash into a startup.
You get to expense it
as a loss on your taxes.
Here we go again. Whitney
thinks she's like nancy drew.
It's like a game of clue.
It's like jen is not
in the library
with the lead list, you know?
But I do wanna be in the lounge
with a bottle of vida.
You can literally dump
a million dollars into a startup
and claim zero profit
for almost five years.
Well, 'cause that's capital.
That's capital. That's--
yes, it just makes sense now.
I don't know if that's it.
♪♪♪
none of us know
what's going on with jen,
but there's a lot of assumptions
being made here.
Like, how does whitney know
so much about washing money
and running
a fraudulent business?
It's a little strange.
Well, I think it's in the bible.
Money is the root of all evil.
Is that in the bible?
It's in the bible.
Yeah, it is easier
for a rich man...
Rich man...Or a camel to go
through the eye of a needle
than a rich man
to go to heaven.
Amen.
Coming up...
Fbi doesn't get involved
unless there's facts.
Unless there was, like,
an insider who gave them
the information.
♪♪♪
hello?
[singsongy] I'm coming in!
Thank you. Thank you so much.
Hello?
Meredith?
Where are you, love?
[voice echoing] are you here?
I'm here.
-Come on--
-I just let myself in.
Meredith?
Following meredith's voice.
-Well, welcome, welcome.
-You're in the bathtub?
Yeah.
For me, proper etiquette
to greet people...
You need to be dressed
with some food on the table.
So do you know what's going on?
My heart's broken.
But I just found out just, like,
maybe, uh...Half an--
when I got here.
I first heard about jen's arrest
from robert sr.,
and I didn't believe him,
but then I seen it on the news.
Then I knew, okay,
this is real.
I got a phone call from lisa.
She said that jen
had received a call
that sharrieff
was in the hospital.
♪♪♪
-well, was that true?
-No.
Whoever was on the other end
of that phone call
tipped jen off,
and within 10 minutes,
the fbi,
the, um...
-Oh, my god.
...Homeland security,
and a full swat team
came to arrest her.
Shut that front door.
Yeah.
-Meredith, no.
-Yeah.
-Oh, my gosh. Uh--
-so--
meredith, wait. Hold on.
Let me digest.
It's a lot.
♪♪♪
it's a lot.
That's just--I-I...
I'm speechless.
I'm sp--
why did we not have an inkling?
Like, why I did not have--
-like, I--
-you didn't?
Well, okay. Meredith...
-I was not surprised.
-Not this--
on this capacity, no.
Not on this level.
Well, wasn't I surprised?
-You was not surprised?
-No.
I'm blown away.
♪♪♪
meredith and I--
we both have, like,
the same experience with jen
that wasn't good,
but when she goes down,
like, I get filled
with compassion.
And I don't know
how meredith does it.
She just could have cared less.
It's pretty rough.
And she left...
Boy! Then that means
she was being watched
way farther than what we know.
Oh. If there's a swat team,
fbi, homeland security,
and nypd, this investigation
has been going on for months.
-For a long...
-Maybe more than a year.
-Maybe. Maybe some years.
-You know?
Because fbi doesn't get involved
unless there's facts.
Yeah. Yeah.
Oh, my god. And...Oh, my god.
Unless there was, like,
an insider
who gave them the information.
♪♪♪
well, how come
no one knows what it is?
What is it? What did she do?
So the bottom line is
the allegations are for fraud.
I mean, that's--that's what
it boils down to.
Fraud and money laundering.
-And, um--
-ooh, lord. Ugh.
-That puts knots in my stomach.
-Yeah.
Like, what kind of conscience
do you have
to walk around
and smile in people's face,
and you're that--
your life you're living.
I wouldn't be able to sleep
at night.
I hear you. I have been
traumatized and terrorized--
me, my family, my business
for almost two years
by this woman.
Well, meredith,
you know I asked--
and I just waited quietly
because I don't point my fingers
when I don't have the facts.
And you know what?
This now suddenly adds up.
Do I still say
that she may be innocent?
Sure, of course, it's possible.
Do I believe it?
♪♪♪
coming up...
[singsongy] hello!
♪♪♪
-it's the feds!
-Oh! Nice.
[laughs] too soon. Too soon.
♪♪♪
♪i think the women are all
gonna be here soon.
-Okay.
-I wanna get out of the tub.
Yeah, get out of the tub,
'cause--
you need to pick your room
before somebody else
steals it out from under you.
How do I know which room?
Just go and walk around?
Just go on the other rooms
on his floor and pick one.
Okay.
Get you some bubbles, baby.
-I'll see you in a minute.
-[smooches]
is mary at the house?
Did she call? Did she call you?
-Mary did not text me.
-She called me and texted me.
Wait. How are you and mary?
Well, what the heck happened?
I don't even know.
Okay, so mary hosted
a cooking class,
and she was facetiming me
while I was driving in the car
with my children.
So I didn't answer it.
So mary was mad at me
because I didn't answer
her facetime.
I was driving carpool
with my children!
Okay. Don't--don't--
bring your voice down...
It is irresponsible
if I facetime--
...Little girl.
Is that how you treat a friend?
Now you know why
I have conflict.
I didn't even know her,
and she's telling me what to do.
-Is she serious?
-Yes, I'm serious.
-This is how I talk.
-You shouldn't talk like that.
This is how I talk.
If you don't like it,
you don't have to listen, mary.
-Oh, wow.
Are you nervous about the trip?
Like, what you think then?
-No. No, jennie's not nervous.
-This trip?
-I'm never nervous of anything.
-Yeah.
I will tell her,
"look, if I offended you, mary,
I apologize,
but you need to talk to me.
You can't just, like,
scream across and say
I need to learn how to do
this and that.
You're not my mom, okay?"
but I just think, like,
go into it.
Be open-minded because I think
you guys left tubing okay-ish.
No, we were not okay.
If we were okay,
I would have been at her thing,
and we would've talked. Right?
-Huh, not necessarily,
because not everybody's invited
to everything.
-Just keep that in mind.
-[laughs]
but I also think, too, like,
you guys aren't there yet
in your friendship.
Like, I think, like,
see how it goes this weekend,
but, like,
we all need accountability.
With everything going on
with jen right now,
the mary situation
is the last thing on my mind.
I know I will see her,
but my issue
becomes very miniscule.
Is this the house?
-Are we here?
-We're here.
[groans]
what a day.
-Come on, jennie.
-Wait.
Ladies.
Thank you.
-Kev, we made it, buddy!
-Yeah, you did.
So impressed. Thank you.
You guys,
I see the fireplace on!
Look at those heels.
They went the distance.
Yeah, my weapon.
[singsongy] hello!
♪♪♪
where are you?
Oh, wow, it's beautiful here.
♪♪♪
-it's the feds!
-Oh, wow. Nice.
[laughing] too soon, too soon.
Too soon, too soon.
That's how I process.
Where are we going?
Not in here.
It's so cute!
-Oh, my god! You're in the tub!
-What's happening?!
[laughs]
it smells divine in here.
Given the circumstances,
I assumed meredith
would be on her phone
or glued to the tv
looking for any breaking news
about jen.
I did not expect
to find her naked
without a care in the world.
This is your room.
-This is my room?
-Oh!
-Wait.
-She's breaking it in for you.
You're bathing in my room?!
This is my room.
This is awesome.
-Okay, so where's my room?
-Yeah, where are--
well, you have two choices.
I let mary pick
'cause she got here early.
-Yeah, of course.
And I'm not gonna not
have her get situated.
-Okay, so what's left?
-Yeah, what's left?
-Awesome.
-Yeah.
We'll just go figure it out,
yeah.
We have so much to talk about,
like, all of, like--
-yes.
-Let's just get in our rooms.
-Yes.
And then get out of the tub,
captain.
Mer, for real, we have to talk.
You talk to your captain there,
co-captain.
Captain rub-a-dub-tub.
-[laughs]
-get your buns out of that tub.
♪♪♪
this is a brick! [grunts]
should I just go by you?
Yeah.
Let's go downstairs.
The fun girls go downstairs.
I feel like I'm gonna fall,
dude.
-This is sick.
-The feng shui's off, though.
What are you talking about,
feng shui?
You have a full bathroom.
You have the patio.
You have an emergency--
that's not even a far jump if...
If we get seized or stormed.
-You open this...
-Too soon.
...Bust it out, escape.
This is a good quality room.
Are we gonna be across the hall
from each other? Done.
Oh, sweet!
I can do this. This is perfect.
Let me check your bathroom.
Oh!
-The bathroom's not bad.
-This is a palace.
-Chevron tile? Love it.
-Yeah.
-Jennie, are you kidding me?
-I'm telling you, it's heavy.
-[gasps]
-okay.
-You got it?
-We got it!
I hope so.
Look at that. 6-inch heels.
-Oh, my god.
-Whoo.
♪♪♪
you know, when jen said
sharrieff had internal bleeding,
like, if that were you, I would
have been, like, breaking down,
like, panicked and freaking out.
-Oh, so about that--
I-I texted him
after we got off the phone.
-Did he write you back?
-No.
Why would the swat team
be out there?
-Why would--why is homeland--
-I told you...
But the homeland security, too?
Whoo. A lot going on.
-Hi, precious.
-Hi, honey. How are you?
I'm good.
I wish you were here.
It was an eventful day for sure.
I bet.
♪♪♪
[clinking]
[singsongy] I hear some girls.
-Oh, my gosh.
-Hey.
-Hi, gorgeous.
-How are you?
-[singsongy] good to see you!
-Good to see you.
-I just cut through my...
-Lisa.
Blondies.
-Lisa. Lisa.
-Slices us.
-Ooh, I love this welcome.
-This is crazy.
Yeah.
There was some major tension
going into this trip.
I mean, I was wondering
what was gonna happen
with whitney and mary
and mary and jennie
and meredith and jen,
but now all we're worried about
is if jen's going to jail
or not.
-You look pretty.
-Thank you very much.
Whew!
I forgot jennie was gonna
even be here.
And, um, I just don't wanna be
bothered with whitney.
I'm sorry. I don't.
I would like to welcome you
to cuvée's avanti chalet.
-Wow.
-I would love, um,
chef jay to kind of explain
what's here
so you guys know...
-Perfect, yes.
-...What's going on.
-We wanted to give you
a nice variety and spread,
so we have some sushi.
We have some beef tartare,
steak tartare.
-Amazing.
-You're welcome.
-Really beautiful.
-We have some lamb chops
over there, too.
-Oh, thank you so much.
-Thank you. Cheers.
-Cheers!
-Enjoy.
-Cheers.
-Look 'em in the eyes.
-[glasses clink]
-those taste really good.
-[camera shutter clicks]
-...Tartare.
-Pardon my reach.
-Look at the dragon fruit.
-This deviled egg looks magical.
Hey, I'm going
with the barracuda.
Today has been insane,
so stressful,
but it surprisingly hasn't
cut my appetite at all. [laughs]
-and I don't--
-I mean, did you guys...
I mean, it's intense.
And I was shocked.
I was shocked.
-I know.
-Were you?
Yeah, blown away.
Jen's arrest makes me feel...
A lot of emotion.
I feel bad. Like, I don't
celebrate people's pain,
and I wouldn't wish that
on anyone,
but sometimes
you just have things coming.
Does anybody know
how she's doing? That's what I--
-no.
-That's what's bugging me.
No one knows anything.
-We all reached out, but...
-Oh, you did?
-Yeah.
-But no answer?
-No.
-No answer.
So...Uh...
♪♪♪
what...
Does everybody think?
Oh, this is the moment
I've been waiting for.
♪♪♪
so...What does everybody think?
oh, this is the moment
I've been waiting for.
I think we were all shocked.
We were all shocked and scared.
Yeah.
I feel a wound with it.
Like, wow.
And then the fact that you guys
had to be in it?
Oh, it was crazy.
It was surreal. I mean that's,
like, probably the only word
I can think of--surreal.
It was. I think that's
the perfect description.
Did I tell you
what someone sent me?
-No.
-Allegedly, like,
the authorities had a ping
on her phone of her location,
and they arrested her
on the side of the road.
They arrested her
on the side of the road?
♪♪♪
-she didn't turn herself--
-no, she was--
I thought she left us
and went to turn herself in.
No. She was running.
She fleed--definitely fleed
the scene for sure.
♪♪♪
how humiliating
and degrading.
What has she done?
What has she done that would
make that necessary?
I feel like there's more to it
than we know.
I feel like there's layers
that we don't know about.
I think there is more to it.
I think they did
an investigation,
and they have enough
for certain charges,
and there's other things
they're still investigating.
It was way before vail
going on.
That's something that started
way long time ago.
♪♪♪
oh, for sure. This has been
going on for many years.
This isn't like
it happened today.
They investigated her in 2012.
It's been going on since 2012.
-Yeah.
-I feel somewhat betrayed.
-By her?
-Mm-hmm.
I feel like she's reaping.
What I'm believing in,
what a man soweth,
that he shall also reap.
She's scammed old people
and people that don't
have money, that can't afford,
if that's the case,
with no remorse.
I never saw nothing good in her.
Never.
And I was scared of her because
I knew what she was capable of.
I have an issue that arose
that I never really spoke about.
So in late September,
I was with my entire family.
We were all in new york,
and I have, like,
eight missed calls from jen.
And I was at dinner,
and I called her back.
And she's like,
"oh, uh, we're good.
I was trying to get
into your store. It was closed.
I was banging on the door,
but your manager reopened
for me." great.
So she left.
My manager called me.
I'm like, "oh, great.
What did she buy?"
and she said, "oh, she spent
a few hundred dollars.
But that's not the problem,
meredith.
There is a green clutch
that I know was here.
Her friends were holding it,
and it is gone."
oh, what?
♪♪♪
so I said to my manager,
"send her a text
and just gently say,
'did you borrow it?'"
and within 30 seconds,
my manager's phone is ringing,
and on the other end is [bleep],
and [bleep] says, "I'll bring
the bag back tomorrow."
I'm not making it up.
Jen did not walk out
with the bag,
but what really didn't sit well
with me is she kept someone
who she knew did take something
out of my store
in her employment.
That's not my friend.
I have
the screenshots of the text,
the screenshot of the call log.
-This is getting worse.
The video footage of them
walking out with the bag
and the video footage of him
coming back the next day.
♪♪♪
what kind of bag was it?
It was a little snake clutch.
-[whispers] sorry.
-[laughs]
-it's okay.
-[laughter]
-just trying to catch up.
-You're like, "welp..."
I love 'em. I have 'em
in, like, three colors.
-You have 'em. Lisa was--yeah.
-That's why I was asking what--
-yeah, they're gorgeous.
-They're adorable.
I'm just taking this all in
and, like, wow.
Is this--you know,
I'm thinking to myself,
do I even know jen?
It's not that
I don't believe meredith,
but I'm like,
could it have been an accident?
Could there have been
a misunderstanding?
And then there's other red flags
that I had, like even today.
One of my friends mentioned
something to me
that had been told to me
previously,
which was that she's red-flagged
in the system of louis vuitton
because she pays in cash.
Now I don't know if it's
true or false. It's gossip.
-I have no clue.
-[laughs] oh, look at mary.
-Like, what? This is huge.
-Whoa!
♪♪♪
I don't...
Jen, jen, jen, I can't.
Being red-flagged
at louis vuitton
would be far worse than the feds
knocking on my door.
When you start putting
all the puzzle pieces together,
sometimes you have to believe
things that you hear.
♪♪♪
it's just nothing is consistent.
I ordered an uber from my house
the other night
and put her in it,
physically put her in an uber,
sent her on her way
and then went to check
on the progress of her trip,
and she'd gotten out,
like, a half mile away
on an intersection.
-That's so weird.
-What? That's so weird. It is.
-It's so weird.
Wow.
No communication, no idea.
What day was that?
Will you tell me?
-Like, what day was that?
-That was, uh, Wednesday night.
Around what time?
It was around...
11:30.
I can look on my uber app.
-At night?
-Mm-hmm.
-Okay.
-Wow.
-Yeah, why, lisa?
-When was this?
-Oh, just I'm curious.
-Is there something
that happened that night?
No, not to me.
-To who?
-Oh, god, lisa.
-What?
-Lisa, what?
What happened that night?
I don't know what happened
that night,
but I just wanted to check
with somebody and see
if they met up with her.
You think she's meeting up
with another guy?
♪♪♪
if you have something to say,
just ----ing say it.
Clearly, you know more
than what you portray
that you know, so just tell us.
♪♪♪
-what do you know?
-What do I know?
We're trying to piece together
the inconsistencies.
I don't know what happened
that night.
-What did you hear?
-I have no idea
what happened that night.
None of us are safe
unless we know the facts.
We have all been lied to.
We've all been attacked.
If we do not share what we know,
we're in danger.
♪♪♪
next time on "the real
housewives of salt lake city"..
Let's go, ladies, yes!
Onward, dogs!
Mary, you said a lot of things
to me that really hurt me.
-Do you care or don't miss--
-oh, no I care. I'm listening.
You're falling asleep.
It's serious to be a part
of mary's church.
What are you trying to say,
lisa?
My friend said he had
extreme religious trauma.
Religious trauma is
the most abstract--
he mortgaged his house
and gave mary 300 grand.
[crying] I worked so hard
to get where I am,
and to have this happen,
I don't understand.
I hired a private investigator.
♪♪♪